the Federal Reserve held off on raising
interest rates for many years as they
waited for an economic recovery today in
2017 we are still waiting for that
recovery despite the FED suggesting
there are countless problems they have
raised rates a few times and clearly at
this point the market has reacted
positively however they can't go too
much higher
unless you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you today we are
going to look at the Federal Reserve I
want to look at the stock market I want
to look at growth being dismal globally
so beginning right here you've probably
seen the news already Janet the Felon
yelling raises rates and here we go the
US Federal Reserve raised The Benchmark
interest rate a quarter point amid
Rising fake inflation the second
increase since Trump's election and only
the third in a decade so that's one
point I wanted to make here was that
they've raised rate now a few times but
if you look at it over the last decade
it's very minimal okay that's what's
important to note and also the fact that
it has be been so minimal I mean when
you're talking of right here 0.5 to
1% it's still historically low and it's
also falling in line with many of other
countries being around that same range
give or take Janet Yellen said policy
makers had not yet discussed how the new
president's policies might impact the
economy and the pace of future rate
hikes nor should it give any indication
the Central Bank May raise rates more
quickly and that's what we have to see
as time goes on I believe the inflation
rates that we are seeing you know
they're saying that they're Rising
inflation okay this is true when you
look at Energy prices when you look at
food prices but the rate at which they
look at is completely fake look at how
they calculate inflation when they get
rid of the most important things that
you and I spend on every day and then
they try to calculate inflation to me
it's just a fake number doesn't even
make sense if you're going to extract
food and energy from your inflation
because you say it's too erratic too
volatile then what's the point why even
calculate it instead of giving a monthly
figure give a daily figure give a weekly
figure something like this if you think
that's too much it's silly anyway we
know why they're doing this it's pretty
obvious so here they are raising rates
again saying that simultaneously you
know right
here the labor market continued to
strengthen okay how many times have I
seen that over the years the labor
market is continuing to expand the labor
market is doing well jobs numbers are
coming in I mean we've seen this taking
place since
2009 and we know the truth that that
isn't the case I mean when you're going
to manipulate the jobs numbers in the
way that you just you keep hiring
temporary work or a lot of people had
lost their job recently and then
suddenly another sector has hired and
they count that as Jobs gained I mean
it's just it's extraordinary the way
they do this economic activity has
continued to expand at a moderate Pace I
would have to disagree with that as well
so that's the reason that they've raised
rates according to them I believe it's
already
set and just one more note here before I
give my opinion GDP tracking is very
actually uh Yellen was confronted by a
reporter here GDP tracking is very
low measures of Labor compensation are
not threatening to boost inflation
anytime fast the consumer is not picking
up very much fiscal policy we don't know
what's going to happen with Trump and
yet you raise rates now so what is the
motivation the economy is so far from
your forecast in terms of GDP why does
the FED have to move now what does this
signal then about the rest of the
year and this is exactly what I'm
talking
about the reason that they're doing
this if they go to a certain number I
mean if they're going to get in the
range of let's say 3%
maybe
four I have to
figure and this is assuming all the
indicators we're seeing are the same
that they are in fact intentionally
trying to cause a collapse that is the
only possibility even the
biz the Central Bank of Central Bank
said that if Canada raises its rates 250
basis points that they are going to
crash the system so you're looking at
what would be currently
3% and I would say the same for the US
there's no way they'll be able to
withstand
3% interest rates because so many people
would start to lose their homes and
everyone using this maximum amount of
Leverage which works just fine when
interest rates are historically low but
as it moves on you have a very big
problem but it won't rear its ugly head
today or tomorrow as the refinancing
occurs then you have a very big problem
but what about all of those special type
of mortgages and Loans known as arm or
adjustable rate mortgages or variable
rate mortgages that are
affected by the market and everything
that begins to change all all of a
sudden people are going to be very very
screwed so let's keep our eyes on that
because I do believe that is the primary
the primary indicator of this global
economic collapse let's move on really
quickly here real average weekly
earnings growth year over-year changes
okay uh
deine all right now you would say
perhaps that that is a good thing some
would say you want to see Rising
gradually year-over-year grow you want
to see a slow and steady pace of growth
not extremely fast growth and you know
things are changing too rapidly no no no
you want to see slow and gradual
improvements and have that happen over
the years and then you would have
perhaps a downturn and is gentle and
then things start to grow again that's
how it should be but that's not how it
is because of the intervention in the
markets all right so we're currently
here in the negatives and once again
this is heading back into territory of
2011 not a good sign for what's going to
happen you don't want these earnings to
suffer at this time even though they've
printed so much money even though
there's all the stimulus that's still
there still being offered it's not going
to matter now the feds hit the debt
limit whoa what a surprise the debt
limit Obama Emperor Obama had said
raising the debt ceiling does not
increase the debt now while technically
he's right raising the debt ceiling will
raise the debt that's the way it is it
doesn't directly raise the debt but it
will raise the debt and that's just the
way it is you know they make these laws
regulations put them in place that says
we don't actually necessarily have a
debt limit but you know uh let's just
pretend there is
one fed's hit the debt limit again debt
now exceeds the limit set in 2008 by a
whopping 8 and a half
trillion
dollar I won't get into the article all
I want to say is that they're just going
to continue to expand the debt every
government put in place all they do is
expand further and further and further
and you know you hope that the sectors
which are actually relevant and and
matter and more beneficial the money
flows that way at least you know you
don't want to see it being squandered in
such a way that doesn't benefit the
people uh unfortunately we do see that
all the time but um you know at least
have the money going in the right
direction
there is just no way that the debt can
decrease it will in fact collapse the
entire system so a couple charts that I
want to show you right here China GDP
annual growth rate although still
significant there's no doubt around the
7% Mark in the fake GDP numbers and you
look at it where it was in 2008 I mean
it's clear it's a downward Trend there's
no denying it moving on this is the EU
has been stagnating for years and
years
and you know it's pretty
much in the negatives I mean when you
look
at if you take out a few countries
including Germany you have a much more
dismal number than what we are seeing
here so the P picture isn't pretty there
and then you look at Japan
again with all of the quantitative
easing that they've done the most
expansionary program that's ever been
seen in history and you get zero growth
and I've I've argued so many times with
people in the industry telling me that
the model for success of quantitative
easing of money
printing is Japan and if you tell me
that and then you look at this
chart I don't see where you're getting
that I just don't India's GDP annual
growth rate
again while it is definitely much higher
than a lot of the developed countries
look at where it's been I mean it's
stagnating it isn't able to grow at the
rate that it had previously and in truth
I think this is good you don't want to
have such high growth rates it's I I
don't like to see anything moving fast
it's always scares me it always
frightens me I like to see slow and
steady increases more adopters come in
you get more support new Industries more
jobs develop instead of like the do com
Boom for example where you had this
fictionary tale supported by nothing and
of course we saw what happened so I hope
you understand what I'm getting with
that this I don't know if you can see it
the font isn't so good here we are
looking at the adjusted monetary base
right here the M2 stock that's the red
line and then the blue line is all
sectors debt Securities and Loans
liabilities all right so we know the M2
money stock has been expanding and when
you look at just that chart it's pretty
drastic I mean it's clear it's been
expanding constantly more money being
pushed into the system through all
sectors okay and you look at
quantitative easing you look at the
stimulus packages that have been going
on you see debts expanding in every sort
of way you see deficits are getting
worse everything's just getting worse
everything's
expanding and then you look at the debt
Securities and loans and it's just it's
so drastic and they're separating that's
what's important to note when you see
the rate at which the M2 money stock
which I believe is is you know some
something that is BR been expanding over
the years and you see how uh debt has
been expanding it's going even further
although the monetary system yes is
built upon debt and I understand that
but just the amount of debt and the
financial quote unquote assets which run
off of this is so out of whack out of
touch with reality it's so dangerous at
this time and then we have this right
here apartments and rents in cities such
as New York and San Francisco will need
to fall as much as 15% for a glut of
high-end developments to be absorbed
according to the billionaire real estate
investor this individual saying that
we're anticipating incomes that didn't
exist in the market right now so the
market has to come down to be priced
according to what people can afford and
that there is a very big problem and
he's saying 15% I think a lot lot more
than that and they said that there needs
to be some auor aable products in the
market there's nothing affordable in New
York San
Francisco you even go to other areas
like Toronto which haven't uh been so
Extreme as San
Francisco and uh New York or Manhattan
you know New York
anyway but you see this and it's it's
really bad I mean you have to go way out
of the city and even the suburbs going
for over a million do suburb BBS going
for a million dollar where you have to
to get to the downtown core let's say
would take you an hour or so drive I
mean you're talking out into the suburbs
and they're unaffordable for most people
they're unaffordable so they live in
shoe boxes you cramp everybody in give
them into the mass transit system and
the clogging and the fact that people
have to be you know you see what I'm
getting here it's not affordable 15%
isn't enough
and the real estate housing bubble
continues to expand and then right here
a little bit of deliciousness you know
this is all doom and gloom so let's have
a little bit of some tasty treats all
right let's dig in startup
serves up serves up chicken produced
from cells in a lab quote clean meat
developers say it avoids towering costs
of feeding and Catering are caring for
the livestock and Tyson
Foods takes note all right so what we're
talking about here is laboratory grown
meat and this right here is apparently
the future now for those people
who they think this is fine I think that
you should be able to choose that you
can eat this type of Meat Laboratory
grown
meat you should be able to make that
choice there should the development of
that if if they want to do that number
one I think it should be labeled as such
maybe it doesn't have to say laboratory
grown meat but it should have a term
clearly recognizable so people know what
they're getting okay and I also do
believe that there should be a
choice this shouldn't be like the only
thing where they mandate okay this is
the way it has to be from now on I don't
like that I like the consumer to be able
to choose and if more more more and more
people choose it it will become more
popular and then you'll see the growth
and all that I just feel that you know
they the thought of laboratory grown
meat is
just I'm just not okay with it and and
that's all I'm going to say I just what
I worried about is this turning into the
whole genetically modified food thing
where you have a lack of testing you
have a very big problem on our hands and
um I just see it to be a lot like you
know with no labeling laws and
everything else so that's what concerns
me so dig in and Munch on a little bit
of this if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a thumbs up remember
that this pushes the videos higher up
into the YouTube search rankings that
helps me out a lot and lets other
YouTubers out there know that this is
good
information all right then we look at
this right here you can can actually
look inside the book if you want to look
through the book If you found this video
informative then you know you're going
to find my book more informative you can
look through it at Amazon they have a
look inside feature that would allow you
to flip through the pages of the book
and see if you like it take
care